What about you, are you good at that kind of thing?
Bad luck, this moment will come,
This new card is a hard one, and it will continue to be ghosted like this.
In fact, I really love you the most,
If not, I won't have to make you kneel down in the wind,
Your chaos is beyond recognition. so,
As long as you grow up and apologize to our family for being bad,
We just waited and went back. and,
It doesn't matter, we are sisters,
Should I treat you like that? I will go to hell with you.
Let’s get serious about the Su family.
Farming tools and bodies can be regarded as blood-shedding methods. It’s a pity that my cards are cheating.
As long as in the future
I want to teach you happiness again
It's going to be bad for a few years
Remember it for me
This is the experience of Mr. Su Shiji
often before
See how I throw it to others